RestFB can map JSON to any class that has fields annotated with the `@Facebook` annotation, which is discussed in more detail in the <a href="#json-mapping-rules">JSON Mapping Rules</a> section.

However, for your convenience, all basic <a target="_blank" href="http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/api/">Graph API Object</a> types have their own Java implementation in the <code><a target="_blank" href="/javadoc/com/restfb/types/package-summary.html">com.restfb.types</a></code> package.

You may use these builtin types if you wish, or you can subclass them to add additional fields or functionality, or just write your own if you have special requirements.  The builtins come with reflective implementations of `toString()`, `hashCode()`, and `equals(Object o)` to make your life simpler.  If you subclass any of the builtins and add additional fields with accessors, those fields will be automatically taken into account by the above 3 methods.

In the <code>com.restfb.types</code> package you can find many classes and some packages. The classes represent Graph API types that are used in the "normal" Graph API. The distinction between normal and other classes is really easy if you look at the packages. The Marketing API has its own package called <code><a target="_blank" href="/javadoc/com/restfb/types/ads/package-summary.html">ads</a></code>. Everything that is only used in the Marketing API can be found in this special package. 

The `webhook` and `send` packages are associated with each other. Everything is located in the <code><a target="_blank" href="/javadoc/com/restfb/types/webhook/package-summary.html">webhook package</a></code> that is received via a Facebook webhook. Changes to the feed, changes to the user and page and of course incoming messages are received by subscribing to the Messenger Platform webhook.

The <code><a target="_blank" href="/javadoc/com/restfb/types/send/package-summary.html">send</a></code> package contains all objects that are used by the Messenger Platform to send new messages to a user. The different templates (even the airplane specific ones), quick replies and so on can be found here. How they are used is explained in the <a href="#messenger-overview">Messenger Platform</a> section of this documentation

So all Graph API types that don't belong to the Marketing API, the Messenger Platform or the Facebook Webhooks are "normal" Graph API types and can be found in <code>com.restfb.types</code>.